okay so let me explain what om chanting
is
so chanting is like a really powerful
meditation technique you can chant
different mantras to cultivate a
different kind of spiritual energy we're
gonna actually do om chanting so
chanting of om so om is actually
composed of three syllables
so we start out going
[Music]
so we do take a dip big deep breath we
start out with a mouth that's completely
open
okay and we go to completely closed
so when we chant we do a couple of
different things
one is that there's a certain breathing
component to which i'm sure has a
physiology to it but what we really want
to do is project out that energy we want
to like energize okay so we're going to
be loud
and
the other thing that to remember about
chanting is chanting is not about sound
it's about energy and vibration so what
i want you to pay attention to is not
what you hear but what you feel
with each of the syllables of the om
chant okay
so so what it'll be is like ah
um there'll be a period of silence
we'll take a deep breath again we'll do
another round so we'll do seven rounds
of ohm chanting and then we'll be silent
for about 60 to 90 seconds maybe two
minutes five minutes i don't know just
depends on how i feel okay all right so
i want everyone to sit up straight back
straight is very important
okay just take a few calming breaths
all right now we're going to begin so
i'm going to take a deep breath in
[Music]
again deep breath in
again
[Music]
two more make him count a lot of energy
big deep breath
oh
[Music]
maximize vibration big deep breath
just feel with your eyes closed
okay
so in the quiet space afterward i want
you to just feel the person that you are
whatever is there let it come out
if it's sadness if you feel stressed
if you feel good great if you feel
energetic wonderful but if not just let
that crap out
so if we think about what vibration does
vibration facilitates movement
if i've got something stuck i shake it
starts moving again
so whatever needs to come out will come
out watch it with awareness breathe it
in breathe it out
and just
do it
seven breaths nine breaths
increase the power of the vibration
increase the energy of it
learn to take bigger deeper breaths with
practice
and more and more stuff will come out
so much anxiety me yeah we gotta let it
out man
that's the problem is that right now it
is inside you
so let it out and then you'll be anxiety
free
don't keep anxiety inside
let it out
if you just want to cry then cry
let it out the tears are there
if you hold on to them they'll stay
there
if you let them out they'll go
and so if you want to understand what
enlightenment is as you chant as you
meditate
what you think you are continues to come
out oh i'm ashamed i deserve to cry i'm
anxious i'm worried that comes out you
let it go and you let it go and you let
it go whatever is there let it up joy
even comes up let it go let everything
within you up and out
and when you are completely empty on the
inside
when you are shunya
then you will attain moksha
enlightenment
all right chat
thank you very much for coming today
i wish you all the best